There we go. Look at this, dude. So,
Google is negative 241%
funding. Holy hell. They're paying you
241% per year to hold Google on
Hyperlid.
Okay, so now we're pulling the alpha
out. You thought I was thought I was not
going to pull some alpha out. 20
something%. You get paid 240% per year
to hold Google.
Now, it's not going to be like that all
year, but you can see what happened.
They're just pushing they push these
charts around. It's disgusting. HIP3
World is actually disgusting. And I'm
I'm kind of excited about it because
there's a lot of wickouts. And if you
trade this properly, it might be good.
If you're trying to just trade it,
you're going to get smoked. If you're
trying to trade it by hand, you're going
to get smoked.
But if you know that they wick people
out and the funding rates go crazy like
this, yeah, that could be edge. I don't
know. We'll see. But that's what I do. I
just push the boundaries and just build.
See what happens. Bill, baby, bill.
Learn, baby. Learn.